Fix: Delete Kong prevention plugin directory and update metadata show compatibility with Konnect (#7007)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/nonamesecurity/nonamesecurity-kongtrafficsource/overview/_index.md

The Noname Security Kong plugin is available as a LuaRocks module.
The [Noname Security install and configuration documentation](https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin) explains how to log on to the Noname admin user interface, go to the Integrations section of the platform, begin the Kong integration wizard, and download the plugin that is used in the Dockerfile to create a custom docker image with the plugins preinstalled. 

> Prevention is enabled by default. To disable the prevention feature, see https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#disabling-the-prevention-feature 

Reviewer: wrap the url in the markdown link format so that the link highlights and is clickable

> Prevention is enabled by default. To disable the prevention feature, see (https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#disabling-the-prevention-feature) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prevention is enabled by default. To disable the prevention feature, review the [official documentation](https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#disabling-the-prevention-feature) 
```

> Prevention is enabled by default. To disable the prevention feature, see [official documentation](https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#disabling-the-prevention-feature) 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Prevention is enabled by default. To disable the prevention feature, review the [official documentation](https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#disabling-the-prevention-feature).
```
@Guaris added this review comment earlier but looks like it got lost along the way, so adding it again.

> If you already had a prevention integration configured and would like to migrate to this new integration, see https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#updating-your-prevention-integration

Reviewer: same , wrap the url in the markdown link format so that the link highlights and is clickable

> If you already had a prevention integration configured and would like to migrate to this new integration, see (https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#updating-your-prevention-integration)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you already had a prevention integration configured and would like to migrate to this new integration, review the [official documentation](https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#updating-your-prevention-integration)
```

> If you already had a prevention integration configured and would like to migrate to this new integration, see [official documentation](https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#updating-your-prevention-integration)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you already had a prevention integration configured and would like to migrate to this new integration, see the [upgrade guide in the official documentation](https://docs.nonamesecurity.com/docs/kong-plugin#updating-your-prevention-integration).
```
